Data freshness pitfall update (#571)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/queueing-data-syncs.md

Some data types like company, tax rates and charts of accounts will rarely change (monthly if at all), but are so small to sync they have no performance impact.

- **Hourly**: hourly syncs are recommended for specific use cases only and may require consideration for the rate limits, e.g. invoices and payments for invoice financing.

> - **Daily**: best middle ground for synchronising most data type while staying well within the rate limits for most accounting platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Daily**: best middle ground for synchronising most data types while staying well within the rate limits for most accounting platforms.
```

- **Weekly**: best used for data types of less important or unlikely to change.
- **Monthly**: similar to weekly, but also recommended for at least one data type (e.g. Company) to ensure connection token does not expire when not actively synchronising data (unless only a one-time sync is required).

## Pitfalls

> - Where the same information can be garnered by using different data types, it may vary in consistency based on the data types' `lastSuccessfulSync` property. For example, if you calculate a company's accounts receivable (AR) position using invoices, credit notes, payments, account transactions, and customers that had a `lastSuccessfulSync` a few days prior, and compare it to the AR position on the balace sheet with the `lastSuccessfulSync` of today, the results are likely to differ. You need to decide on the appropriate sync frequency to ensure the data freshness fits your purpose. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Where the same metric or report could be derived using different data types, syncing data types at different schedules may cause inconsistencies. You need to decide on the appropriate sync frequency to ensure the data freshness fits your purpose. 

Any inconsistency may be indicated by data types' `lastSuccessfulSync` properties.  

For example, if you calculate a company's accounts receivable (AR) position using invoices, credit notes, payments, account transactions, and customers with `lastSuccessfulSync` dates of `2023-07-10`, and compare it to the AR position on the balance sheet with the `lastSuccessfulSync` of `2023-07-11`, the results are likely to differ.
```

### Sync frequency

The recommended sync frequency is weekly. It provides you with recent enough data while catering for data types that do not change often and decreasing the number of APi calls required. 

Some data types like company, tax rates and charts of accounts will rarely change (monthly if at all), but are so small to sync they have no performance impact.

However, you can set a more frequent sync schedule if it is required for your use case. 

- **Monthly**: We recommend that you sync at least one data type monthly (e.g. Company info) to ensure connection token does not expire when not actively synchronising data (unless only a one-time sync is required).

> - **Weekly (recommended)**: Keeps data reasonably fresh, particularly where data types change less frequently.

Reviewer: I think we should reiterate the reduction in API calls here too.

> - **Daily**: Gives you close-to-live picture of most data types while staying within the conservative rate limits of most accounting platforms.

Reviewer: Can we attach a use case to this frequency? Say I'm an invoice financer or payables provider I want to have new invoices/bills come into my system almost at the time of creation so that I can start processing the bill or evaluate the invoices suitability for financing.

Reviewer: I see it's been added to the one below. I think it would be useful to suggest a use case for each. 

- Monthly - loan monitoring
- Weekly - expenses? I'm guessing here...
- Daily - invoice finance?
- Hourly - payments? 

Might be useful to reach out to solutions and see what they think.

Reviewer 2: This is a good shout!

- **Hourly**: Recommended for specific use cases only and may require consideration for the rate limits, e.g. invoices and payments for invoice financing. Only available to [enterprise customers](/introduction/create-account).

## Pitfalls

- Ensure to perform a monthly sync for at least one data type to keep your connection token operational if you are not performing active synchronisation. You can disregard this if you only require a one-time sync.

> - Where the same metric or report could be derived using different data types, syncing data types at different schedules may cause inconsistencies. You need to decide on the appropriate sync frequency to ensure the data freshness fits your purpose. You can check for possible inconsistencies using the data types' `lastSuccessfulSync` properties.  

Reviewer: I don't really like the ambiguity here. Are theses our reports e.g. enhances profit and loss or are these reports produced by our clients that are derived from our data? Could we have a concrete example? Good example would the the aged debtor report as we produce this by evaluating a couple of data types. This means that if I have one sync frequency for customers and another for invoices a customer could be deactivated and removed from the report or vice versa the invoice is actually closed/paid in the system but because we haven't fetched the most up-to-date data the report would be wrong.

Reviewer: Ignore the concrete example as you've defined it below (I'm an egg).

Reviewer: But I think clarity on if it's a codat generated report or a customer generated one still stands.
